It can make the eight major families cancel the task of the heavenly list
Only Me
Are you sure I'm talking to you, fool?
Come to eat grass
Ah!
Of course I'm here to protect my fiancee, huh?
You fool!
It's not easy to change clothes and protect her
Do you match Yan Qian?
I appreciate these things you do
But if you're unmarried to me again
Husband's rude words
Don't blame me for being rude
Hey, you are going to turn against me
Think about it.
The eight major families are looking at
I just cancelled the Tianbao mission for the sake of my face
For your sake
How much face do you have?
Not for my sake
Is it because of your fool's face?
That's right, hahahahaha.
Do you think the eight families are street gangsters?
Why do you let them back down?
Are you a fool to kneel and beg?
Only a fool can say
So naive
Hahaha, hey, hey.
What do you think?
Patriarch Sima
What would you say?
Uh, although this kid is extremely powerful
But behind his armpit is the Governor of Qinzhou
He's a fart in front of the governor
And he defected to the Governor of Qinzhou
Get rid of his threat
Hey
You kid is talking nonsense
Hahaha, are you still subduing my Sima family?
I'll tell you what.
These eight families
Of course, it's for Master Ye's sake
Just spared the mother's blood